---
layout: post
title: House of Tuna / Responsive Landscape Research Lab
subtitle: Responsive landscape research lab contributed Carloforte Shade Lab
cover-img: /assets/img/carl.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/carlthumb.jpg
share-img: /assets/img/carl.jpg
tags: [workshop, architecture]
author: Muammer GÜMÜŞ
---

Mosè Ricci, Giacinto Donvito, Francesca Rossi, and Carloforte organized the Medea [Mediterranean Ecological Adaptation Strategies] event, which invited GTU Faculty and students to the Carloforte Shade Lab. They successfully represented GTU on this important international platform with their impressive work.

The Responsive Ground Research Lab, which was invited to the event, included GTU Faculty of Architecture Associate Professor Dr. Fitnat Cimşit Koş, Research Assistant Seben Aşkın Kütükçü, Doctoral student Zehra Delerel, and Lecturer Betül Ozar from Işık University, who made presentations at the conference and served as facilitators in the workshop.

Members of the Responsive Ground Research Lab, including GTU architecture undergraduate students Berk Can Ağtaş, Buse Nafiye Kılıçarslan, Demet Öztekinci, Ertuğrul Emre Hüsrev, Muammer Gümüş, and Ayşenur Şanlı, presented their successful projects to the Carloforte Municipality and the local community.

The proposed "House of Tuna" project for the terrestrial area of the old Tuna Fish Factory respects the socio-ecological context of the former fish factory, ensuring that the echoes of history remain alive in the contemporary landscape. The project envisions a vibrant community space where the spirit of Carloforte can thrive.

Academics and students visited GTU Rector Prof. Dr. Hacı Ali Mantar after the organization to share their experiences and exchange views about the event.
